this is the game i created using unity. its 3d. the assets that i have used are from blink, mutant monster and decreipt dungeon from unity asset store. the main reason for such was the animation and characters
along with basic game design. i have used mechanics of character controller of iHeartGameDev which is just the basic implementation of unity character controller. the enemy follows you which is made with the help of navMesh and ai configurations in unity. also based on it i used Mouse Delta for view and movement. 
i learned through it the basics of navmesh, agents , surface and baking tools as well. the camera movement i have used is cinemachine camera which provides a lot of options and utility. the basic game is to find three keys and escape the labyrinth 
while being chased by a mutant monster(it runs on navMesh which is basically unity Ai mapping plaer poasition on given baked floor to approach the player. 
the themes are simultaneous controls depicting navmesh and plaer controls and also navigation highlighted through the use of minimap. the theme of world is its based on interdimension between worlds(fictional concept) the player has health and stamina bar. there are two kinds of crates one containing keys and other health potions. basic movement is by mouse and WASD. shift for sprint and ctrl for crouch(speed slowing down no change in collider and mesh renderer). the maze is decreipt highlighting the theme of destroyed world. i was able to learn more about quaternions and their use for rotation in unity game.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eXVLgCjvb0oODAMdzFfgyI6ij36VF1mj/view?usp=drive_link
